The hardest part of understanding the project for me was how it all links together. Doing it hands on definitely helped and made me understand better. When you fork someone else's project it puts it in your own repository and you can make edits on it that won't affect the original. After doing that you can link github to VScode which lets you make edits to the files. Theres commands you put into the terminal that allow access and it recognizes what you are trying to get into. You can make edits to code and then commit the changes. All of the changes were relatively easy to make especially after doing the in class work. I have had some time spent on github but not as much on VScode so the hardest part for me was navigating around the platform and understanding how they link together. It was really cool for me to see how running the cell goes to your terminal and you can make inputs that go straight to the json file. Github is a really helpful tool. The first time I used it I was surprised to see how similar the UI looked to hugging face. For artificial intelligence I used github and streamlit to make my resume checker so I had already had some previous experience. I like the way it is set up as well, it makes it easy to understand where everything is located. You have a repository that contains different projects and in those projects you have a combination of txt, python, and json files. If I had more time I would create a user freindly interface for the task manager. Right now you have to be in VScode to run it so I would implement a simple UI using someting like streamlit that would allow everything to be right in front of you instead of accessing 2 different platforms to run it. After adding an interface you could add more accessibilty options like categorizing tasks based on if they relate to school or work or private life. Something that would make it easier to sift through your tasks. The easiest way I can think to do that is adding something like folders in files. You could name your folder something like "school" and then inside that folder you could insert more folders that would split up tasks for different classes or different assignment types or anything that you want. That would make it accessible to the user and not limit them to one type of category. 
